{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22560\viewh11800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Quick-start Guide
\b0\fs28 \ulnone \
\
We've packaged up some default settings for you so that you can test the plugin's functionality quickly. The sample portion of this project can serve as a reference for you as you integrate PlayHaven into your own project(s). For more in-depth information on setting up PlayHaven in your project, checkout {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://help.playhaven.com/"}}{\fldrslt http://help.playhaven.com/}}.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Set your platform to iOS or Android\
{\listtext	2.	}Set your resolution to something other than Free Aspect (one with dimensions like the iPhone 4G @ 960x640).\
{\listtext	3.	}Press Play to make sure that the Tutorial plays.\
{\listtext	4.	}Build to your target platform of choice (iOS/Android).\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Optionally set device orientation to Landscape prior to building.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Note on building for iOS: Xcode requires adding the -all_load flag under Build Settings/Linking/Other Linker Flags.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	5.	}By playing in the editor, check out the short tutorial and follow {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://help.playhaven.com/"}}{\fldrslt http://help.playhaven.com/}} for getting PlayHaven working in your own game!\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b\fs36 \ul Additional Notes
\b0\fs28 \ulnone \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Importing Existing Games
\b0 \
	If you've already created a game on the Dashboard then, within the Publisher tab, expand the iOS and/or Android area(s) and find your game's title in the "Select Game" drop-down. Once you've selected your game click the "Import Selected Game" button. Your game's information will be downloaded from the PlayHaven server; please wait while this process completes.\
\

\b Creating Games from the Editor
\b0 \
	If you haven't yet created a game on the Dashboard then you can select "Create New\'85"\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}"Working Title" will be the title of your game on the PlayHaven server.  Your game can release with any name commercially, and this name will not be reflected anywhere to consumers.\
{\listtext	2.	}"Orientation" will determine the orientation of content units delivered to your application from the PlayHaven server. You can select 
\i Portrait
\i0 , 
\i Landscape
\i0 , or 
\i Both
\i0 .\
{\listtext	3.	}"Application ID" is the identifier of your application on the Apple App Store or Google Play. This can be left blank until you receive this information from Apple or Google.\
{\listtext	4.	}"State" will reflect the current state of your application. While developing your application it is important to leave these options set to 
\i Testing
\i0  or 
\i Integration
\i0 , but you should set this flag to 
\i Live
\i0  before you build your application for consumption. Setting your game to 
\i Live
\i0  will ensure that the PlayHaven system tracks your user's interactions, and that you will be paid for all your hard work!\
{\listtext	5.	}Once you're satisfied with your selections, click "Create Game". You're done here!}